README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/LuxCoreRender/LuxCoreRender/_apis/build/status/LuxCoreRender.LuxCore)](https://dev.azure.com/LuxCoreRender/LuxCoreRender/_build/latest?definitionId=1)

### LuxCoreRender

![LuxCoreRender alt text](https://luxcorerender.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/wallpaper_lux_05_rend1b.jpg)

LuxCoreRender is a physically correct, unbiased rendering engine. It is built on
physically based equations that model the transportation of light. This allows
it to accurately capture a wide range of phenomena which most other rendering
programs are simply unable to reproduce.

You can find more information about at https://www.luxcorerender.org

### LuxCore library

LuxCore is the new LuxCoreRender v2.x C++ and Python API. It is released under Apache Public
License v2.0 and can be freely used in open source and commercial applications.

You can find more information about the API at https://wiki.luxcorerender.org/LuxCore_API

### SLG library

SLG is an implementation of LuxCore API and it can be safely ignored if you are
not interested in internal LuxCoreRender development.

### LuxRays library

LuxRays is the part of LuxCoreRender dedicated to accelerate the ray intersection
process by using CPUs or GPUs.

If you don't have any specific interest in the ray/triangle intersection topic
or internal LuxCoreRender development, you can safely ignore this library.

### LuxCoreUI

This is the most complete example of LuxCore API usage and it is available in
the samples/luxcoreui directory.

To check how it works, just run luxcoreui from the root directory:

`./bin/luxcoreui scenes/cornell/cornell.cfg`

### LuxCoreConsole

This is a simple example of a command line renderer written using LuxCore API and it is
available in the samples/luxcoreconsole directory.
Just run luxcoreconsole from the root directory with:

`./bin/luxcoreconsole -D batch.halttime 10 scenes/cornell/cornell.cfg`

### LuxCore API SDK

If you have downloaded the LuxCore API SDK, to compile the examples use:

```
cmake .
make
```

### PyLuxCoreTools

PyLuxCoreTools are a set of command line tools available in the LuxCoreRender stand
alone version. They includes network rendering, film merging, command line rendering
and more.

NOTE: pyluxcoretool is a stand-alone, self-containing executable on Windows. On
Linux instead, you have to install Python and PySide before to run the tools. PySide
can be usually installed with a:

sudo pip3 install PySide
(or sudo pip install PySide)

You can avoid to install PySide if you use only the command line tools available in
pyluxcoretool. You can than run pyluxcoretool with a:

python3 pyluxcoretools.zip
(or python pyluxcoretools.zip)

### Authors

See AUTHORS.txt file.

### Credits

A special thanks goes to:

- Alain "Chiaroscuro" Ducharme for Blender 2.5 exporter and several scenes provided;
- Sladjan "lom" Ristic for several scenes provided;
- Riku "rikb" Walve for source patches;
- David "livuxman" Rodriguez for source patches;
- [Daniel "ZanQdo" Salazar](http://www.3developer.com) for Sala scene and Michael "neo2068" Klemm for SLG2 adaptation;
- [Mourelas Konstantinos "Moure"](http://moure-portfolio.blogspot.com) for Room Scene;
- Diego Nehab for PLY reading/writing library;
- [HDR Labs sIBL archive](http://www.hdrlabs.com/sibl/archive.html) and
  [SHT Lab](http://shtlab.blogspot.com/2009/08/hdri-panoramic-skies-for-free.html) for HDR maps;
- [Chronosphere](http://chronosphere.home.comcast.net/~chronosphere/radiosity.htm) for Cornell Blender scene;
- [FreeImage](http://freeimage.sourceforge.net) open source image library (not used anymore);
- [libPNG](http://www.libpng.org) authors;
- [zlib](http://www.zlib.net) authors;
- [OpenEXR](http://www.openexr.com) authors;
- [OpenImageIO](http://www.openimageio.org) authors;
- [Tomas Davidovic](http://www.davidovic.cz) for [SmallVCM](http://www.smallvcm.com), an endless source of hints;
- [GLFW](http://www.glfw.org) authors;
- [ImGUI](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui) authors;
- [Cycles](https://www.blender.org) authors for HSV/RGB conversion code;
- [OpenVDB](http://www.openvdb.org) authors;
- [Eigen](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org) authors;
- Yangli Hector Yee, Steven Myint and Jeff Terrace for [perceptualdiff](https://github.com/myint/perceptualdiff);
- Christian Pfligersdorffer for [EOS portable archive](http://www.eos.info);
- Michael Labbe for [Native File Dialog](https://github.com/mlabbe/nativefiledialog);
- Sven Forstmann's [quadric mesh simplification code](https://github.com/sp4cerat/Fast-Quadric-Mesh-Simplification).

### License

This software is released under Apache License Version 2.0 (see COPYING.txt file).

Commit message:

Fix code formatting for sample commands [skip ci]
* fix minor grammar issues
* add direct links to subdirectories for easier navigation

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/LuxCoreRender/LuxCoreRender/_apis/build/status/LuxCoreRender.LuxCore)](https://dev.azure.com/LuxCoreRender/LuxCoreRender/_build/latest?definitionId=1)

### LuxCoreRender

![LuxCoreRender alt text](https://luxcorerender.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/wallpaper_lux_05_rend1b.jpg)

LuxCoreRender is a physically correct, unbiased rendering engine. It is built on
physically based equations that model the transportation of light. This allows
it to accurately capture a wide range of phenomena which most other rendering
programs are simply unable to reproduce.

You can find more information about at https://www.luxcorerender.org

### LuxCore library

LuxCore is the new LuxCoreRender v2.x C++ and Python API. It is released under Apache Public
License v2.0 and can be freely used in open source and commercial applications.

You can find more information about the API at https://wiki.luxcorerender.org/LuxCore_API

### SLG library

SLG is an implementation of LuxCore API and it can be safely ignored if you are
not interested in internal LuxCoreRender development.

### LuxRays library

LuxRays is the part of LuxCoreRender dedicated to accelerate the ray intersection
process by using CPUs or GPUs.

If you don't have any specific interest in the ray/triangle intersection topic
or internal LuxCoreRender development, you can safely ignore this library.

### LuxCoreUI

This is the most complete example of LuxCore API usage and it is available in
the [`samples/luxcoreui`](samples/luxcoreui) directory.

To see how it works, just run `luxcoreui` from the root directory:

```
./bin/luxcoreui scenes/cornell/cornell.cfg
```

### LuxCoreConsole

This is a simple example of a command line renderer written using LuxCore API and it is
available in the [`samples/luxcoreconsole`](samples/luxcoreconsole) directory.
Just run `luxcoreconsole` from the root directory with:

```
./bin/luxcoreconsole -D batch.halttime 10 scenes/cornell/cornell.cfg
```

### LuxCore API SDK

If you have downloaded the LuxCore API SDK, you can compile the examples with:

```
cmake .
make
```

### PyLuxCoreTools

PyLuxCoreTools are a set of command line tools available in the LuxCoreRender
stand-alone version. They includes network rendering, film merging, command line
rendering and more.

NOTE: `pyluxcoretool` is a stand-alone, self-containing executable on Windows. On
Linux, you have to install Python and PySide before running the tool. PySide
can be usually installed with:

```
sudo pip3 install PySide
# or
sudo pip install PySide
```

You can skip installing PySide if you use only the command-line tools available in
`pyluxcoretool`. You can then run `pyluxcoretool` with:

```
python3 pyluxcoretools.zip
# or
python pyluxcoretools.zip
```

### Authors

See AUTHORS.txt file.

### Credits

A special thanks goes to:

- Alain "Chiaroscuro" Ducharme for Blender 2.5 exporter and several scenes provided;
- Sladjan "lom" Ristic for several scenes provided;
- Riku "rikb" Walve for source patches;
- David "livuxman" Rodriguez for source patches;
- [Daniel "ZanQdo" Salazar](http://www.3developer.com) for Sala scene and Michael "neo2068" Klemm for SLG2 adaptation;
- [Mourelas Konstantinos "Moure"](http://moure-portfolio.blogspot.com) for Room Scene;
- Diego Nehab for PLY reading/writing library;
- [HDR Labs sIBL archive](http://www.hdrlabs.com/sibl/archive.html) and
  [SHT Lab](http://shtlab.blogspot.com/2009/08/hdri-panoramic-skies-for-free.html) for HDR maps;
- [Chronosphere](http://chronosphere.home.comcast.net/~chronosphere/radiosity.htm) for Cornell Blender scene;
- [FreeImage](http://freeimage.sourceforge.net) open source image library (not used anymore);
- [libPNG](http://www.libpng.org) authors;
- [zlib](http://www.zlib.net) authors;
- [OpenEXR](http://www.openexr.com) authors;
- [OpenImageIO](http://www.openimageio.org) authors;
- [Tomas Davidovic](http://www.davidovic.cz) for [SmallVCM](http://www.smallvcm.com), an endless source of hints;
- [GLFW](http://www.glfw.org) authors;
- [ImGUI](https://github.com/ocornut/imgui) authors;
- [Cycles](https://www.blender.org) authors for HSV/RGB conversion code;
- [OpenVDB](http://www.openvdb.org) authors;
- [Eigen](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org) authors;
- Yangli Hector Yee, Steven Myint and Jeff Terrace for [perceptualdiff](https://github.com/myint/perceptualdiff);
- Christian Pfligersdorffer for [EOS portable archive](http://www.eos.info);
- Michael Labbe for [Native File Dialog](https://github.com/mlabbe/nativefiledialog);
- Sven Forstmann's [quadric mesh simplification code](https://github.com/sp4cerat/Fast-Quadric-Mesh-Simplification).

### License

This software is released under Apache License Version 2.0 (see COPYING.txt file).
